###### Importing custom modules in Python

In this class, we will store provided code, test suites, and GUI code in separate files (which are referred to as modules in Python) to keep the size of your programs tractable. You have already seen examples of built-in modules such as math and random whose implementations are hidden from you. In this page, we will show you how you can create and import Python modules of your own creation. Storing various parts of your code in separate modules is a simple way to organize the components of your program.

In Python, the import statement allows you to reference and execute code stored in a separate module. Import statements have the syntax

```
import my_code as important_module
```

On the desktop, Python looks for the file "my_code.py" in the directory where your program is saved and loads that file. At that point, the user can reference variables, functions, and classes defined in the file by adding the prefix important_module. to the names of the variables/functions/classes defined in the module. (Note that if you omit the "as important_module" part of the import statement, you should use the prefix "my_code" when referencing entities defined in the module.)

###### Importing custom modules in CodeSkulptor

In CodeSkulptor you do not have access to your local file system. However, you do have access to files stored in Google Storage as CodeSkulptor URLs. Just as on the desktop, you can import a cloud-saved file using the portion of the URL after the "#". For example, the file http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user34_3ou1Va0MGe2QRm5.py contains a single function print_something() whose body prints the message "This print is in the imported code" to the console. You import this file into another CodeSkulptor file via the statement

```
import user34_3ou1Va0MGe2QRm5 as important_module
```

Note the name used in the import statement matches the part of the CodeSkulptor URL after the "#" for the file above. (Remember to omit the ".py" extension just as is done in desktop Python.) This program imports the file above and prints out a message generated by the imported code by calling important_module.print_something().
Common types of imports in this class
In this class, we will use imports in three main ways:

    * To provide auxiliary code/classes that you will use in implementing your mini-projects. The import statements for these cases will typically have the form

```
    import poc_helper_stuff as provided
```

    * where the name "poc_helper_stuff" corresponds to the file with the URL "http://www.codeskulptor.org/#poc_helper_stuff.py" that we have manually created on Google Storage. (Note that this particular file doesn't exist.)

    * To import test suite code into your mini-project for testing. These imports will typically consist of two statements: one that imports the module containing your test suite and a second that runs your test suite. For example, you can import and run the test suite for Solitaire Mancala via the code

```
    import poc_mancala_testsuite
    poc_mancala_testsuite.run_suite(SolitaireMancala)
```

    * In this example, the function run_suite in the file http://www.codeskulptor.org/#poc_mancala_testsuite.py takes the class SolitaireMancala defined in your program and uses it to create SolitaireMancala objects for use in the test suite. Note that you import a test suite of your own creation using the "userXX_XXXXX" part of the CodeSkulptor URL via the statement import userXX_XXXXX as poc_mancala_testsuite.

    * To import a GUI that can be used to visualize your program in action. Again, these imports will typically consist of two statements; one that imports the module containing the GUI and a second that runs the GUI using an instance of the class defined in your mini-project. For example, you can import and run the GUI for Solitaire Mancala using the statements

```
    import poc_mancala_gui
    poc_mancala_gui.run_gui(SolitaireMancala())
```

    In this case, note that the function run_gui in http://www.codeskulptor.org/#poc_mancala_gui.py takes an instance of the SolitaireMancala class and uses it in the GUI.

